pushing these drafts for PR (#8)
aptos-labs/aptos-npm-mcp: src/resources/how_to/how_to_manage_api_keys_as_project_resources.md

Reviewer: hmm I think we should have 4 .md files
- guide on how to integrate full node api key (which is what we already have)
- guide on how to integrate gas sation
- guide on how to integrate no code indexer
- general .md file on the different api keys. because there is a full node api key and then a gas station api key and also a no code api key (?), so just a general guide for the agent to understand the different, and for each api key link the relevant resource

# How to Manage API Keys as Project Resources

> API keys in Aptos Build provide authenticated access to enhanced services with higher rate limits and additional features. This guide covers Full Node API keys and references to other API key types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
API keys in Aptos Build provide authenticated access to enhanced services with higher rate limits and additional features. This guide covers all Aptos API key types.
```

## Prerequisites

- Active Aptos Build account at [build.aptoslabs.com](https://build.aptoslabs.com)
- Node.js project with package.json
- Basic understanding of environment variables

> ## Full Node API Keys

Reviewer: I would actually pull the full node api key section to a separate resource file, and leave this file as an overview of all the api keys Aptos supports.
Then the agent can reference to a specific resource based on the user prompt

Full Node API keys provide authenticated access to Aptos blockchain data with enhanced rate limits and performance.

**Key Types**:
- **Server Keys**: For backend/server-side applications (never expose in client code)
- **Client Keys**: For frontend applications (safe for browser environments)

1. **Generate API Keys**:
   - Navigate to [build.aptoslabs.com](https://build.aptoslabs.com)
   - Go to "API Keys" section in your project
   - Click "Create New API Key"
   - Choose "Client Key" for frontend or "Server Key" for backend
   - Copy the generated key (starts with `aptoslabs_`)

2. **Configure Environment Variables**:

```env
# Client keys (frontend) - use NEXT_PUBLIC_ prefix

> NEXT_PUBLIC_APTOS_API_KEY_TESTNET=aptoslabs_your_client_key_here

Reviewer: ```suggestion
APTOS_API_KEY_TESTNET=aptoslabs_your_client_key_here
```

Reviewer: I think for `client` api keys, the secret starts with `AG`

```tsx
// src/config/aptos.ts
import { AptosConfig, Aptos, Network } from "@aptos-labs/ts-sdk";

const network = process.env.NEXT_PUBLIC_NETWORK === 'mainnet'
  ? Network.MAINNET
  : Network.TESTNET;

const config = new AptosConfig({
  network,
  clientConfig: {
    API_KEY: network === Network.MAINNET
      ? process.env.NEXT_PUBLIC_APTOS_API_KEY_MAINNET
      : process.env.NEXT_PUBLIC_APTOS_API_KEY_TESTNET,
  },
});

export const aptos = new Aptos(config);
```

4. **Use in Wallet Provider**:

```tsx
// src/components/providers/WalletProvider.tsx
import { AptosWalletAdapterProvider } from "@aptos-labs/wallet-adapter-react";
import { Network } from "@aptos-labs/ts-sdk";

export const WalletProvider = ({ children }) => {
  return (
    <AptosWalletAdapterProvider
      autoConnect={true}
      dappConfig={{
        network: process.env.NEXT_PUBLIC_NETWORK === 'mainnet'
          ? Network.MAINNET
          : Network.TESTNET,
        aptosApiKeys: {
          testnet: process.env.NEXT_PUBLIC_APTOS_API_KEY_TESTNET,
          mainnet: process.env.NEXT_PUBLIC_APTOS_API_KEY_MAINNET,
        }
      }}
    >
      {children}
    </AptosWalletAdapterProvider>
  );
};
```

> ## Other API Key Types

Reviewer: lets have 2 separate sections for the gas station api key and the no code indexer. we will also add the bot api key

Author: right i think we just delete this one and make sure everythings in teh management one

**Gas Station API Keys**: Auto-generated when creating Gas Station projects for transaction sponsorship. See [how_to_integrate_gas_station.md](./how_to_integrate_gas_station.md) for details.

**No-Code Indexer API Keys**: Auto-generated when creating Indexer processors for real-time blockchain data. See [how_to_integrate_no_code_indexer_build.md](./how_to_integrate_no_code_indexer_build.md) for details.

## Verification

Test your API key integration:

```tsx
// Test Full Node API connection
const ledgerInfo = await aptos.getLedgerInfo();
console.log("✅ API Key working:", ledgerInfo.chain_id);
```

## Security Best Practices

> - Use `NEXT_PUBLIC_` prefix only for client-side keys

Reviewer: remove. this is only for next apps. the mcp actually prefers Vite, but users can also decide to use React
```suggestion
```
